So you're wondering what extension that awesome guy with the 
fancy mic is using. Wonder no more! Here's Cody's Curated list
of VSCode Extensions!

GENERAL PURPOSE
-   Code Runner: By now, most of you (if not all) should have this
    already. It's great for running code from an entire file, or
    even just a selected section of code.

-   file-icons: The default file icons in VSCode leave a lot to be
    desired. This extension will change the file icons in your Explorer
    to be clear at a glance (and also fancy)

-   indent-rainbow: This one makes it a lot easier to tell whether or not
    things are following the right indentations. This will prove even more
    useful next stack in Python, as Python relies on indentation rather
    than curly braces

-   Bracket Pair Colorizer: I don't actually use this one myself,
    but I've heard nothing but great things about it. This one will
    color code your brackets, both square and curly, to better indicate
    which bracket closes out which bracket.

-   Live Share: Another one I don't use too frequently, but since you guys
    are going to be spending a lot of time working with others, this 
    extension makes it easier to work on the same file remotely.

LOOKING AHEAD
-   Azure Databases: When you get to the MERN stack, this extension will
    be a godsend when it comes to seeing the data in your database. It allows
    you to view your MongoDB documents as json files (and edit them as well).
    Don't worry too much about figuring it out right now, but keep it in mind.
    Even if I'm not your instructor, I'll be happy to help you get it figured
    out when you need it!

-   ES7 React/Redux/GraphQL/React-Native snippets: Also for the MERN stack 
    (in case you haven't noticed yet, I really like MERN), this extension will
    significantly cut down on set up time for creating React components. 
    To give you a look ahead, a React functional component with NOTHING in it
    looks like this:

    import React from 'react'
    const ComponentName = () => {
        return (
            <div>
            </div>
        )
    }
    export default ComponentName
    
    Sure, it's not a LOT, but that's a lot more typing than rafce which is 
    the shortcut with this extension to create a functional component.